Product Search Phase 1
1.	Identify Market Segment 
As the customer speaks about "barrette proteiche" translated from Italian to English as “Protein Bars” which belongs to Confectionery market segment
2.	Identify Customer Application
From the file 02 Customer Application.xlsx, the most fitting one is Cereal/Protein bars
3.	Identify Product Type
a.	Run 1 - Based on the description "milk chocolate drops”, the most fitting ones out of the file 03 Product Type.xlsx are the following choc. max 5% coconut oil, choc without added sugar, chocolate, choc > 5% fat replaced, choc max 5% fat 
Potential SKUs in 01 Classification.xlsx file after this step = 4019
4.	Identify Base type
a.	Run 1 - Based on the description "milk chocolate drops”, the most fitting ones out of the file 04 Base Type.xlsx are the following : Milk, Flavoured based on Milk 
Potential SKUs in 01 Classification.xlsx file after this step = 1418
5.	Identify Delivery Format / Moulding type
a.	Run 1 - Based on the description "milk chocolate drops”, the most fitting ones out of the file 05 Delivery Format or Moulding Type.xlsx are the following : Drops / Chips, drops up to 10000 / kg 
Potential SKUs in 01 Classification.xlsx file after this step = 1
Running this filter across the file 01 Classification.xlsx results in only 1 SKU -> CHM-DR-23SG8-S25
Now let’s see what else was there
6.	Customer says, it requires >22% Protein - Now when we checked this material against the file 03 Nutrition.xlsx, we see that the SKU above has less than 5% Protein, which will not fit. The protein % was calculated, as it is not mentioned in the column Protein_DV_perc 
Therefore, we did not reach any conclusion in Phase 1.  
Product Search Phase 2
Now, we could try to relax some filters. Based on the understanding of what the customer is trying to achieve.
1.	Lets keep the filters until step 4 from phase 1 -> 1418 potential SKUs

2.	Checking what other Delivery Format / Moulding type would fit the customer application
a.	Quick Search from the internet/ChatGPT reveals: following could work: Block, Callets, Easymelt. 
b.	Had a call with the customer, to see, if those formats would work. Customer responded Easymelt could work. 
Potential SKUs in 01 Classification.xlsx file after this step = 330

3.	Now, check the protein percentage
To have more hits, we are looking for protein % > 18%, as the customer can adapt other components in their recipe to compensate for the lower protein %
 
Potential SKUs in 01 Classification.xlsx file after this step = 8

4.	Identify the customer geographical location
As the customer speaks about "barrette proteiche" translated from Italian to English. We will limit our search to European products.
Cross checked all articles with the field Plant_BoM_Owner, the first 2 letters correspond to the country of production. All the countries are close to the customer location: namely Turkey, Poland, Netherlands, Belgium.

5.	The list is then shared with the customer, Customer is requesting a sample has chosen last SKU CSM-Q1S-WAP-566 to be sent to them 

Note: Following was not part of the scope of the hackathon.
1.	After the first run, if the result is Zero, then it becomes quite important that the results of the subsequent runs, clearly shows the comparison view – difference from customer request.
2.	As the customer is requesting an urgent sample, the Sorting mechanism should be considered, where do we have stock?
3.	Customer requested Malitol, which is a sugar alcohol that is commonly used as a sugar substitute in various food products, especially those labeled as "sugar-free" or "low-calorie." 
a.	Searching for this requires detailed BOM analysis
b.	There could be different alternatives, such as Sorbitol, Stevia, Erythritol, etc.

